Because this troop has very high attack damage along with high hitpoints, it is advisable to deploy them in pairs on each corner of the opponent's village or near a bunch of enemy defensive buildings. Most buildings won't survive two attacks from this very powerful unit (up to 1,224 damage per hit at level 9), meaning two P.E.K.K.As should destroy most buildings in a single hit from both units. By deploying in pairs, Mortars won't be as effective either, as they can only damage one pair at a time as opposed to an entire group of P.E.K.K.As deployed together. Nevertheless, if the opponent's village has maximum level Walls, it may be best to deploy larger groups of P.E.K.K.A.s. This way, they will be able to break through Walls with one hit each or use a Jump Spell or Earthquake Spell to support P.E.K.K.As.
Pairing them with a Rage Spell can make them deal extreme amounts of damage, allowing them to destroy almost all buildings in one hit; even the Town Hall can be taken down in three hits.
P.E.K.K.A's high damage and hitpoints allow her to easily knock out opposing heroes, especially when paired with Rage Spells, under which she is able to one-shot Grand Wardens, Archer Queens up to level 76, and Royal Champions up to level 10 (Barbarian Kings may take several hits to knock out). However, if a defending Archer Queen or Royal Champion is attacking from behind a Wall, they can easily do a lot of damage to the P.E.K.K.As while they are stuck behind the Walls, especially if they are high-leveled.
Never train a complete P.E.K.K.A army, as they will be completely hopeless against flying Clan Castle troops such as Dragons or Electro Dragons, or even Balloons and Minions, as well as swarms like Skeleton Trap Skeletons. You can, however, back her up with troops that inflict significant splash damage such as the Wizard or use a Poison Spell.
P.E.K.K.A can set off and take most of the damage from traps. Deploy some Wall Breakers or the Wall Wrecker/Log Launcher to help her funnel through an enemy base.
The Golem and the P.E.K.K.A make a good combo as the former can absorb a significant amount of damage for the latter, allowing them to wreck havoc. Make sure to back them up with other troops, however, and keep an eye on defenses effective against them.
P.E.K.K.As are distracted fairly quickly, so deploying various of them at the same time without clearing non-defensive buildings outside the walls, such as the Barracks is a bad idea as doing so wastes their high damage output. However, placing other tanks like the Golem or the Barbarian King while ranged units clear them up potentially allows your P.E.K.K.As to focus on defenses until reaching the Town Hall.